What did you say for me to pick it up?
You are rubbish
What you sent is also rubbish.
I asked you to pick it up for me
What if I don't pick it up?
What are you talking about?
Ouch, hey, hey.
Don't come, come
Come and sit down, come and sit down, you probably all sit down
What didn't you say just now?
I heard it outside
Then grandma, let me introduce you again.
This is the four-angle fiancé
What is it called Ye Wushuang?
Are you Ye Wushuang?
Sure enough, he is very talented. Thank you, grandma.
Let's go grandma
Grandma, think about it.
Wearing a lot of street goods to see you
This obviously doesn't take you seriously.
Disrespect you
And quite literally, he's unemployed.
I just want to join our Wujiachi County seat
Look at this
Wu De
Where are you talking